# Aksu-places

Small webapp for storing places.

## General Info
The project runs on Firebase, and uses Firestore as the database solution. In the front, its JavaScript and SCSS. Map is provided by the Google Maps JavaScript API.

## Database Schema

The purpose of the schema was to make an understandable layout, and to create a database where the security rules stayed simple.

### Users Collection

We have a single collection called users.

Under this collection we have one document for each user. The document name is the user id.

The document has a field for the users name. A single field was selected over individual fields for first and last names, to provide support for individuals with no last name.

The document also has 2 sub-collections, places and tags.

#### Places sub-collection

The places collection has one document for each place the user has saved. The document name is the place id.

The document contains following fields: name, description, location and open.

The fields name and description are both string fields, that the user can set straight up.

The location is a geolocation field, which is set by the app as the user creates a new place.

The open field is an array field that represents the opening hours of the place. The array should contain seven (7) items, one for each weekday, starting from sunday, and ending on saturday. Each item on the array is a string. This string can either be generated by the app, or the user can input any string they wish to it.

#### Tags sub-collection

The tags collection has one document for each keyword the user has created. This collection also includes the reserved tag name "Favorites".

The document contains a field called places. The places field is an array, containing references to the documents of each place it is associated with.